do an eight minute workout before bed
and see what happens in a month if you
just can't find time during the day to
exercise this bedtime workout will help
you stay fit flexible and fabulous
you'll go to bed feeling refreshed
you'll sleep better and your muscles
will be nice and relaxed by morning
keep watching to follow along with this
low-impact workout it's quick and easy
there's no equipment needed and you can
squeeze it in before sleep and don't
forget to click the subscribe button and
turn on notifications to join us on the
bright side of life
you'll start with a quick warmup which
is necessary even when doing light and
easy exercises warm-up arm circles and
high knees arm circles the clock will be
set at 30 seconds start by doing arm
circles stand with your back straight
bring your arms over your head as you
lower them make your palms face downward
and move them away from your chest
toward your back breathe in as you bring
your arms up and breathe out as you
lower them
this move will help loosen up your
shoulders neck and chest
[Music]
[Applause]
hyemi's the clock will be set at 30
seconds stand tall and set your feet in
a comfortable position raise your right
knee so that your leg is at a 90 degree
angle now switch to the other leg and
keep switching at a quick pace to make
sure you're bringing your knee high
enough you can bend your elbows at a 90
degree angle and touch your knee to your
hand
[Music]
to make this move harder add a slight
jump to the exercise you look like
you're running in place while you bring
your knees up high
[Applause]
[Music]
main workout squats now let's get
started with the proper workout the
clock will be set at 60 seconds do as
many squats as you can in this time
period
keep your feet shoulder-width apart as
you squat make sure your back is
straight and that your knees don't
extend beyond your feet the key is to
push your hips back and go as low as you
can
[Music]
if that's too difficult you can place a
chair behind you to balance yourself
simply touch the chair lightly with your
glutes and then head back up
don't use the chair to bounce though
[Music]
[Applause]
squats are a great full-body exercise
because they work your thighs hamstrings
glutes calves core and abs
[Music]
[Applause]
donkey kicks you'll need to get down on
all fours here you can use a mat for
better comfort and to protect your knees
the clock will be set at 60 seconds
raise your right leg behind you your leg
should be raised high enough that it's
parallel to the floor and forms a 90
degree angle make sure your hands are
directly under your shoulders
now switch legs and keep going
[Music]
[Applause]
if you need to rest take a ten second
break in the middle and then get back to
it
[Applause]
[Music]
your back should be straight and not
curved at all as you raise your leg
avoid using momentum and letting your
leg drop back down as you'll be missing
out on the workout if you do keep the
movement controlled
[Music]
[Applause]
if you wish you had glutes that were
more toned this is the exercise to do
donkey kicks will tone tighten and
strengthen your buttocks
[Applause]
[Music]
push-ups now get ready for some push-ups
the clock will be set at 60 seconds your
form is crucial when it comes to
push-ups start in a plank position and
make sure your hands are shoulder-width
apart as you lower your body make sure
your back is straight and that your
glutes are not sticking out
[Music]
[Applause]
for an easier approach you can modify
the exercise by letting your knees rest
on the floor whether you're doing a
standard push-up or the modified version
this move is a great strength training
exercise that will work your chest
muscles shoulders triceps and arms it
will also strengthen your core
[Music]
[Applause]
squat and side crunch now stand up put
your hands behind your head and keep
your arms wide open stand in a wide
stance with your toes facing out the
clock will be set at 60 seconds lower
your body into a wide squat your legs
should almost be at 90 degrees as you
stand up lift your right leg and bend
your core to the right so that your knee
and elbow meet bring your leg down and
return to the original squat position
now do it on the other side and keep
going
[Music]
[Applause]
this move will target your abdominals
and work on your oblique muscles it's a
great exercise to get rid of love
handles
[Music]
[Applause]
plank ups back to the floor get down
into a plank position the clock will be
set at 60 seconds lower your right
forearm to the mat and then your left
forearm now press up with your right
hand and then your left to lift yourself
into the original position keep going
and do as many as you can remember to
hold the proper plank position the same
one you used for push-ups your hand
should go where your elbows work your
head neck and spine should be aligned
keep your abs engaged and tight
[Music]
[Applause]
this is a killer move that will
strengthen your core and it will also
tone up your arms shoulders glutes and
abdominals if this is too intense try
holding an elbow plank position hold
yourself up by your forearms for as long
as you can
[Applause]
[Music]
standing crossover toe-touches stand
with your feet wider than your hips the
clock will be set at 60 seconds extend
your arms to your sides rotate your
torso to the right with your left hand
reach for the area in front of your
right foot do the same on the opposite
side this move involves your lower back
and targets your abdominals and obliques
it will improve your flexibility and
strength if you find it difficult to
wind down before bed this exercise will
work wonders
[Music]
[Applause]
a great part of this entire exercise
routine is that it's low-impact so this
exercise is safe if you have problems
with your knees and if you live in an
apartment you don't have to worry about
waking up your downstairs neighbor at 10
p.m.
[Music]
[Applause]
cool down quadricep stretch and rhomboid
stretch it's important to take the time
to cool down after any exercise the
clock will be set at 30 seconds do a
quick quadricep stretch bring your right
foot up to your glutes and hold it in
place with your hand you'll stretch the
quadriceps and your leg will feel great
[Applause]
[Music]
now switch sides
[Applause]
[Music]
doing this cool-down will ensure that
your muscles are nice and loose for when
you get up in the morning
[Music]
[Applause]
now try doing a rhomboid stretch the
clock will be set at 30 seconds put your
right arm across your chest and use your
left hand to pull your arm closer to
your chest you'll feel your shoulder
blades parting gently
[Music]
[Applause]
now try it on the other side whether
you're an early riser and the first
thing you do is head to the gym or you
prefer to exercise after you have some
food in your system people who exercise
enjoy better sleep than those who don't
according to the National Sleep
Foundation people who exercise lightly
see a 49 percent increase in quality of
sleep so these exercises are perfect for
a refreshing night you can do them while
watching a late-night show or you can
concentrate on the movements for higher
accuracy remember that getting exercise
into your routine is better than no
exercise at all so tell us